Updates to resolve UUF issue and nit edits (#712)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoftgraph-docs-powershell: microsoftgraph/docs-conceptual/get-started.md

This output has been shortened for readability.

For more information on using this cmdlet, see [Use Find-MgGraphCommand](find-mg-graph-command.md).

### Sign in

Use the `Connect-MgGraph` command to sign in with the required scopes. You need to sign in with an admin account to consent to the required scopes.

```powershell
Connect-MgGraph -Scopes "User.Read.All","Group.ReadWrite.All"
```

> The command prompts you to go to a web page to sign in with your credentials. Once you've done that, the command indicates success with a `Welcome To Microsoft Graph!` message. You only need to sign in once per PowerShell session (that is, until you close and reopen your PowerShell window or call `Disconnect-MgGraph`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command prompts you need to go to a web page to sign in with your credentials. Once you've done that, the command indicates success with a `Welcome To Microsoft Graph!` message. You only need to sign in once per PowerShell session (that is, until you close and reopen your PowerShell window or call `Disconnect-MgGraph`).
```

> [!TIP]
> You can add additional permissions by repeating the `Connect-MgGraph` command with the new permission scopes.

## Call Microsoft Graph

After signing in, you can begin making calls to Microsoft Graph.

### Get a user

> In this section, you will identify a user in the list returned by `Get-MgUser` and store their information in the `$user` variable, which will be used as a parameter in subsequent commands. Start by running the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you identify a user in the list returned by `Get-MgUser` and store their information in the `$user` variable, which is used as a parameter in subsequent commands. Start by running the following command.
```

### Send a message

Now that you have both the Team ID and the channel ID, you can post a message to the channel. Use the following command to send the message.

```powershell
New-MgTeamChannelMessage -TeamId $team.Id -ChannelId $channel.Id -Body @{ Content="Hello World" }
```

This command differs from the previous commands you used. Instead of querying data, it's creating something. In Microsoft Graph, this command translates to an HTTP `POST`, and it requires an object in the body of that post. In this case, the object is a [chatMessage](/graph/api/resources/chatmessage). The `-Body` parameter is a hashtable that maps to the `body` property of the `chatMessage` resource. Other properties are mapped in a similar way, so you can change the message you send. For example, to send an urgent message use the following command.

```powershell
New-MgTeamChannelMessage -TeamId $team.Id -ChannelId $channel.Id -Body @{ Content="Hello World" } -Importance "urgent"
```

### Sign out

> Use the `Disconnect-MgGraph` command to sign out. This ends your current session and revokes the authentication token for the active PowerShell session, ensuring your credentials are no longer available until you sign in again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `Disconnect-MgGraph` command to sign out. This  command ends your current session and revokes the authentication token for the active PowerShell session, ensuring your credentials are no longer available until you sign in again.
```
